all right I'm running late but basically
I'm going to film this day of my life so
that I can update the YouTube channel
it's far more interesting I'm bringing
you guys along I'll explain more as I go
I just got a new port because I'm on my
way down to San Diego for the day to
visit some family and handle some
business
but first I'm stopping here because I
need to get a haircut
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so my hair is all done shout
out to Patti my hair stylist Oh Patti
has been doing my hair for basically a
decade now since I was in college and
she didn't used to charge me anything
I've basically always paid her but I
could afford to pay her and she's just
like the nicest lady ever makes my day
fantastic that's why I Drive all the way
from Los Angeles to Newport Beach in
Orange County Patti's awesome I would
suck her in the vlog but she was a
little shy so thanks so much Patti
[Music]
I just got to Tamarack State Beach which
is in Carlsbad California it's a one of
the cities I grew up in and I just
wanted to stop by the beach before I
went to go visit my family because I do
not think that I'd ever spend enough
time taking advantage of how beautiful
California is I spent so much time from
the computer you just got to get out
here sometimes this is a good chance for
me to also circle in the wagons explain
a little bit about why I'm doing this
video rather than just set up my webcam
and splat for five minutes which is what
I would have done maybe like a year or
two ago about what's going on with the
channel and my thoughts and then just
upload it as like channel update vlog or
so you know I think it's much more
interesting to take you guys with me on
this day I'm gonna show you a little bit
about my life and also try to make the
video much more interesting throughout a
lot of my life I have not thought of
myself as a creative person you know I
do not play any instruments in school I
never learned how to paint or draw or
whatever like I'm just not a very
artistic person and yet I've had a lot
of desire to be a creative individual
and I'm at a point in my life right now
where I'm just kind of like you
know try to do something interesting
because I'm spending a lot of time
thinking about how I make content you
know when I was at GameSpot when I was
at Yahoo eSports it was all about
creating and building what GameSpot was
and trying to tell you guys what Yahoo
eSports was and now I'm at a point where
I've got a channel that's just named
after me and that's kind of now becoming
what it is right it's like Who am I and
what is the story that I am telling you
guys about my life and I know a lot of
people like the interviews I like the
interviews too it's a lot of the stuff
that I've been doing for many many years
I want to sort of go beyond that like
have those interviews but also find
areas where I can sort of challenge your
assumptions
how can you press the play button on a
video every week every couple of weeks
and find something you really were not
expecting I love and respect all the
content that's in the eSports space so
much of it is really good we've got
amazing creators but eSports content has
really changed much in the past couple
of years you know it's a lot of
streaming and vlogging I do the same
interview style that I have for a very
long time and teams produce a lot of
interesting content around their players
but you know in a sense a lot of it is
the same so how can I take other content
formats that exist
hang on there's a helicopter flying over
me how can I look at other content
formats that are on the Internet and try
to figure out ways to bring them to
League of Legends and eSports and create
something that is more interesting
you know I'm an experiment a lot this
year with different types of content you
want to try different things if you guys
just want me in front of the webcam in
my room let me know that's good feedback
to having good things to know but I just
I want to try different stuff and this
video was kind of one of those attempts
[Music]
in the video I posted earlier this week
about how I make money there were a lot
of people offended about how I wasn't
wearing socks in my own home so this
one's for you
[Music]
there are a few things that actually
incite my YouTube comments this much
this when I talk about fast food and
every starts to become like Oh in and
out is overrated or five guys is the
best or whatever I love it and out it's
super good it's not an in-and-out ad by
the way time for grandparents my channel
it's mostly interviews and eSports
content like eSports videos and stuff
but yeah I'm trying to do some other
videos sort of about my life and what's
going on there and all that stuff do you
know it's just like a YouTube channel so
people can go and watch the videos over
any walk some do yes
[Music]
here we go say hi to everyone
he didn't record oops yeah hi hi oh
there we go thank you
so this visit the grandparents which is
always a special treat so that's my aunt
grandpa dawn who is maybe one of the
best people I have ever known as a
dermatologist was in the Navy it's just
a really really nice sweet guy several
years ago my grandfather got diagnosed
with Alzheimer's so you probably will
not remember this visit Alzheimer's
really sucks he's a much quieter guy
that he used to so you know we can't say
too much during the visit my talks with
my grandmother you know support research
and awareness of it and yeah it's a bit
of a bummer but now off to the next
thing
[Music]
it's just a video about my day yeah yeah
in wait trip Jenna San Diego
[Music]
that your grandpa I did he was in the
last scene or will be in the last scene
[Music]
they did yes
BYE MOM I love you
[Music]
yeah so proud of you
that was my visit my mom I'm very happy
to see it's always really good to see
her if there is a single reason I have
the confidence idea to do interviews and
be on camera and all that stuff feel
comfortable is because that woman has
really helped support me over the years
I love her very much well here I woke up
this morning to an angry message from
somebody just a random fan and my direct
messages expletives and I don't try to
let the haters get to me but it's just
such a miserable feeling to wake up in
the morning see you've got like a direct
message on Twitter check it because who
knows who sent it and then you just
immediately see somebody talking about
how terrible of a person you are as soon
as I extricate myself from this like
bubble world of eSports and online
social media and all that stuff and just
go visit a friend from high school or a
visit family or anything like that
it just makes you really put in
perspective what really matters in life
and what you should really be concerned
about stupid comments online just are
not worth thinking about by the way talk
to your parents if you are good terms
with them send a message tell them you
love them family is important and I
don't do enough to think about that
anyway hope you enjoyed the video time
to head home
[Music]